I've had this weird talents as I can
remember I can see images from the past
he has my brother Erica we should wait
for backup screw back up Special Agent
Reed this is Special Agent McCoy FBI
what exactly happened in there white
male mid-forties cause of death
strangulation you know what to do put
your clues together see what surfaces
they're getting worse
you gotta deal with these flashes occurs
before they seriously screw up your
ability to do your job
you know what pisses me off now that I
haven't caught the killer the fact that
there may be another pair of innocent
suckers out there whose lives could be
about to change forever because this
bastard
seemed summer he left you a clue
no I can't that's spooky crack
you